V1 to v2 apps migration (Release_2) + Threat Intel (#4157)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/security-threat-detection/threat-intel-quick-analysis.md

<AppInstall/>

## Upgrading the Threat Intel Quick Analysis app (Optional)

import AppUpdate from '../../reuse/apps/app-update.md';

<AppUpdate/>

> ## Uninstalling the Threat Intel Quick Analysis app (Optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Uninstalling the Threat Intel Quick Analysis app (optional)
```

import AppUninstall from '../../reuse/apps/app-uninstall.md';

<AppUninstall/>

## Viewing Threat Intel Quick Analysis dashboards

import ViewDashboards from '../../reuse/apps/view-dashboards.md';

<ViewDashboards/>

### Overview

> See the frequency of Domain threats by Actor, Log Source, Malicious Confidence, and view trends over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Overview** dashboard shows you the frequency of Domain threats by Actor, Log Source, Malicious Confidence, and view trends over time.
```

* **Welcome to the Threat Intel Quick Analysis App.** Informational panel to help you find information on [optimization](/docs/integrations/security-threat-detection/threat-intel-quick-analysis#02_Threat-Intel-Optimization) and [FAQs](/docs/integrations/security-threat-detection/threat-intel-quick-analysis#threat-intel-faq) on working with the Threat Intel database.
* **Number of Log Lines (Events) Scanned for Threats.** Count of log lines scanned across all selected sources for the last 15 minutes.  
* **IP Threat Count.** Count of threats related to malicious IPs, for the last 15 minutes.
* **File Name Threat Count.** Count of threats related to malicious file names, for the last 15 minutes.  
* **URL Threat Count.** Count of threats related to malicious URLs, for the last 15 minutes.  
* **Email Threat Count.** Count of threats related to malicious email addresses, for the last 15 minutes.  
* **Domain Threat Count.** Count of threats related to malicious domains, for the last 15 minutes.  
* **Threats by Malicious Confidence.**  Qualifies all threats into High, Medium, Low, Unverified, according to CrowdStrike's machine learning engine.

### Domain

> See the frequency of Domain threats by Actor, Log Source, Malicious Confidence, and view trends over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Domain** dashboards displays the frequency of Domain threats by Actor, Log Source, Malicious Confidence, and view trends over time.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/security-threat-detection/TIQA_Domain_Dashboard.png')} alt="Threat Intel Dashboard" />

* **Threat Count.** Count of threats related to malicious domains, for the last 15 minutes.  
* **Threats by Malicious Confidence.** Qualifies domain threats into High, Medium, Low, Unverified, according to CrowdStrike's machine learning engine.  
* **Threats by Actor.** Count of threats related to malicious domains, broken by Actors, for the last 15 minutes. [Actors](https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/meet-the-adversaries/) are identified individuals, groups or nation-states associated to threats.
* **Threats by Sources.** Count of threats related to malicious domains, broken by Sources, for the last 15 minutes.  
* **Threats Over Time.** Trends of domain threats over time for the last 60 minutes.  
* **Threats Over Time by Sources.** Trends of domain threats over time, broken by Sources for the last 60 minutes.  
* **Threats Table.** Listing of all domain threats, including Malicious Confidence, Actors and Sources.   

### Email

> See the frequency of Email threats by Actor, Log Source, Malicious Confidence, and view trends over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Email** dashboard displays the frequency of Email threats by Actor, Log Source, Malicious Confidence, and view trends over time.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/security-threat-detection/TIQA_Email_Dashboard.png')} alt="Threat Intel Dashboard" />

* **Threat Count.** Count of threats related to malicious emails addresses, for the last 15 minutes.  
* **Threats by Malicious Confidence.** Qualifies email address threats into High, Medium, Low, Unverified, according to CrowdStrike's machine learning engine.  
* **Threat Breakdown by Sources.** Count of threats related to malicious email addresses, broken by Sources, for the last 15 minutes.  
* **Threats Over Time.** Trends of email address threats over time for the last 60 minutes.  
* **Threats Over Time by Sources.** Trends of email address threats over time, broken by Sources for the last 60 minutes.  
* **Threats by Actor.** Count of threats related to malicious email addresses, broken by Actors, for the last 15 minutes. [Actors](https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/meet-the-adversaries/) are identified individuals, groups or nation-states associated to threats.
* **Threats Table.** Listing of all domain threats, including Malicious Confidence, Actors and Sources.

### IP

> See the frequency of IP threats by Actor, Log Source, Malicious Confidence, and view trends over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **IP** dashboard displays the frequency of IP threats by Actor, Log Source, Malicious Confidence, and view trends over time.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/security-threat-detection/TIQA_IP_Dashboard.png')} alt="Threat Intel Dashboard" />

* **Threat Count.** Count of threats related to malicious IPs, for the last 15 minutes.  
* **Threats by Geo Location.** Count of threats related to malicious IPs, broken by geo location, for the last 15 minutes.
* **Threat Breakdown by Sources.** Count of threats related to malicious IPs, broken by Sources, for the last 15 minutes.  
* **Threats by Malicious Confidence.** Qualifies IP threats into High, Medium, Low, Unverified, according to CrowdStrike's machine learning engine.  
* **Threats by Actors.** Count of threats related to malicious IPs, broken by Actors, for the last 15 minutes. [Actors](https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/meet-the-adversaries/) are identified individuals, groups or nation-states associated to threats.  
* **Threats Over Time.** Trends of IP threats over time for the last 60 minutes.  
* **Threats Table.** Listing of all IP threats, including Malicious Confidence, Actors and Sources.  
* **Threats Over Time by Sources.** Trends of IP threats over time, broken by Sources for the last 60 minutes.

### URL

> See the frequency of URL threats by Actor, Log Source, Malicious Confidence, and view trends over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **URL** dashboards displays the frequency of URL threats by Actor, Log Source, Malicious Confidence, and view trends over time.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/security-threat-detection/TIQA_URL_Dashboard.png')} alt="Threat Intel Dashboard" />

* **Threat Count.** Count of threats related to malicious URLs, for the last 15 minutes.  
* **Threats by Sources.** Count of threats related to malicious URLs, broken by Sources, for the last 15 minutes.
* **Threats by Actors.** Count of threats related to malicious URLs, broken by Actors, for the last 15 minutes. [Actors](https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/meet-the-adversaries/) are identified individuals, groups or nation-states associated to threats.
* **Threats by Malicious Confidence.** Qualifies URLP threats into High, Medium, Low, Unverified, according to CrowdStrike's machine learning engine.
* **Threats Over Time.** Trends of URL threats over time for the last 60 minutes.
* **Threats Over Time by Sources.** Trends of URL threats over time, broken by Sources for the last 60 minutes.
* **Threat Table.** Listing of threats identified by URL, including information on Malicious Confidence, Actors, Source, and count.

### Hash 256

> See the frequency of Hash 256 threats by Actor, Log Source, Malicious Confidence, and view trends over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Hash 256** dashboard displays the frequency of Hash 256 threats by Actor, Log Source, Malicious Confidence, and view trends over time.
```

## Viewing Threat Intel Quick Analysis dashboards

#### `malicious_confidence`

**Data Type:** string<br/>
**Description:** Indicates a confidence level by which an indicator is considered to be malicious. For example, a malicious file hash may always have a value of high while domains and IP addresses will very likely change over time. The malicious confidence level is also represented under the labels list in the JSON data structure.<br/>
Once an indicator has been marked with a malicious confidence level, it continues to have that confidence level value until updated by CrowdStrike. If you think there is a false positive, please file a Support ticket, and we'll work with CrowdStrike to investigate the IOC in question and update the threat details.<br/>

> **Values:**
> 
> * high
> * medium
> * low
> * unverified—This indicator has not been verified by a CrowdStrike Intelligence analyst or an automated system.
> * null—Indicates that Sumo Logic has no information about the threat record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Values:**
   * high
   * medium
   * low
   * unverified—This indicator has not been verified by a CrowdStrike Intelligence analyst or an automated system.
   * null—Indicates that Sumo Logic has no information about the threat record.
```

---
#### `published_date`

**Data Type:** Timestamp in standard Unix time, UTC.<br/>
**Description:** This is the date the indicator was first published.

---
#### `last_updated`

**Data Type**: Timestamp in standard Unix time, UTC.<br/>
**Description**: This is the date the indicator was last updated in CrowdStrike internal database.

---
#### `malware_family`

**Data Type**: string<br/>
**Description**: Indicates the malware family an indicator has been associated with. An indicator may be associated with more than one malware family. The malware family list is also represented under the labels list in the JSON data structure.

---
#### `kill_chain`

**Data Type:** string<br/>
**Description:** The point in the kill chain at which an indicator is associated. The kill chain list is also represented under the labels list in the JSON data structure.<br/>
**Values:**  

> * reconnaissance—This indicator is associated with the research, identification, and selection of targets by a malicious actor.
> * weaponization—This indicator is associated with assisting a malicious actor create malicious content.
> * delivery—This indicator is associated with the delivery of an exploit or malicious payload.
> * exploitation—This indicator is associated with the exploitation of a target system or environment.
> * installation—This indicator is associated with the installation or infection of a target system with a remote access tool or other tool allowing for persistence in the target environment.
> * c2 (Command and Control)—This indicator is associated with malicious actor command and control.
> * actionOnObjectives—This indicator is associated with a malicious actor's desired effects and goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * reconnaissance—This indicator is associated with the research, identification, and selection of targets by a malicious actor.
   * weaponization—This indicator is associated with assisting a malicious actor create malicious content.
   * delivery—This indicator is associated with the delivery of an exploit or malicious payload.
   * exploitation—This indicator is associated with the exploitation of a target system or environment.
   * installation—This indicator is associated with the installation or infection of a target system with a remote access tool or other tool allowing for persistence in the target environment.
   * c2 (Command and Control)—This indicator is associated with malicious actor command and control.
   * actionOnObjectives—This indicator is associated with a malicious actor's desired effects and goals.
```
